Link to Github Pages - https://justinm1295.github.io/01-ghd3-1/

This design is 3 flags - Italy, Brazil, and Israel. I chose these flags because as a group, they contain at least one of each of the required shapes. I have also included a button to show/hide the flags and display the name of the countries. Included in the GitHub repository are screenshots showing each version of the page.

Technical Achievement - There are several technical advancements in this project that I've used. First, the use of JSON groups to create many shapes at once. This allows me to display all of them with a simple generic function instead of having to create a new line just to display each of them. In addition, I added display animations to both the flags and the text using transition delays. This was done using an JavaScript onClick function. Next, I added two additional functions to the circle and rectangle below the flags. The circle will disappear on click, using the d3 event handler. The rectangle will change to steelblue on mouseover, then back to black on mouseout. If clicked, it will also transition to the right 100 pixels. 

Design Achievement - Creating 3 very accurate flags shows good control over the shapes and a strong understanding of their attributes. The "Show/Hide Flags" button allows the user to toggle between the flags and their corresponding countries. I also used a wide variety of colors and attributes to show off a lot of the features d3 has. Finally, while not directly related to the use of d3, the efficient, even spacing and choice of background color adds a level of sophistication to the design instead of just slapping shapes onto a block.